What is React?
React is a declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
Who made React?
React (also known as React.js or ReactJS) is a free and open-source front-end JavaScript library for building user interfaces based on UI components.
what is babel?
Babel is a very famous transpiler that basically allows us to use future JavaScript in today's browsers.
How does Babel convert html code in React into valid code?
Babel is a very famous transpiler that basically allows us to use future JavaScript in today’s browsers.JSX file, create a React Component within index. jsx and then copy and paste the body of your static HTML file to the return statement of that component.
What is ReactDOM used for? Write an example?
What is ReactDOM? ReactDOM is a package that provides DOM specific methods that can be used at the top level of a web app to enable an efficient way of managing DOM elements of the web page.
What are the packages that you need to import for react to work with?
Increase your development productivity with these packages. ...
React Testing Library. The React Testing Library is a lightweight solution for testing React components. ...
Framer Motion. ...
styled-components. ...
Cypress. ...
Prettier. ...
ESLint. ...
Redux.
How do you add react to a web application?
Step 1: Add a DOM Container to the HTML. First, open the HTML page you want to edit. ...
Step 2: Add the Script Tags. Next, add three <script> tags to the HTML page right before the closing </body> tag: ...
Step 3: Create a React Component. Create a file called like_button.js next to your HTML page.
What is React.createElement?
React. createElement( type, [props], [... children] ) Create and return a new React element of the given type. The type argument can be either a tag name string (such as 'div' or 'span' ), a React component type (a class or a function), or a React fragment type.
What are the three properties that createElement accept?
createElement(type,{props},children); React. createElement() takes three arguments.
...
They are:
type: the type of the HTML element (h1,p,button).
props: properties of the object({style:{size:10px}} or Eventhandlers, classNames,etc).
children: anything that need to be displayed on the screen.
What is the meaning of render and root?
What is the meaning of render and root in React?
React renders HTML to the web page by using a function called render(). The purpose of the function is to display the specified HTML code inside the specified HTML element. In the render() method, we can read props and state and return our JSX code to the root component of our app.
